# AIG-301 Series v1.7 Release Notes

Release Date: Nov 2024

## New Features

1. Adds support for the Telit LE910C4-WWXD module.

## Enhancements

1. The DLM Client for the Moxa DLM Service now implements a backoff mechanism to prevent excessive message repetition during high-frequency events, optimizing events reported while ensuring critical notifications remain visible.
　- If the same event occurs five times within a 5-minute window, the system enters backoff mode, progressively increasing the message delay up to a maximum of 60 minutes.
　- During backoff, events are sent as compressed messages with an indication of suppression count (e.g., "backed off for x times").
　- Normal message delivery is resumed once the event stops occurring or after a device reboot.

## Bugs Fixed

1. An instance of the DO value set by Modbus not updating correctly.
2. An unresponsive refresh button on the I/O page.
3. An error message “SplarkPlug service is busy (please try again later)”appears when configuring SparkPlug.
4. Selection of the “Only send changed values” option for Publish Immediately mode in SparkPlug is not saved.
5. (Known Issue) • The Sparkplug configuration will be lost if power is cycled within 10 seconds after saving the configuration.
 　Note: Sparkplug configuration will take at least one minute when a large number of messages or tags are selected. Wait at least one minute after saving the configuration.

## Changes

NA

## Installation

Pre-request: AIG-301 Firmware Version:1.6.X and ThingsPro Version: 2.5.0-4404

### Upgrade Firmware

1. Download the deb file from the download link or copy the patch yaml URI.
2. Login to Web with admin permissions, go to General Operation > Software Upgrade
   1. select Upgrade From the Local Drive with the deb file.
   2. select Download Over the Air, input the URI link of patch yaml.
3. (optional) Please reboot if the snapshot of the software upgrade is disabled.
4. Confirm that the **Firmware Version** on the Dashboard page is **1.7.0** and **ThingsPro Version** is **2.5.1-4424**.

### Upgrade ThingsPro Agent

1. Deploy IoT Edge Module thingspro-agent with URI: moxa2019/thingspro-agent:2.2.6-armhf in IoTHub.
2. Set the create option:
    ```
    {
        "HostConfig": {
            "Binds": [
                "/var/thingspro/apps/azureiotedge/data/setting/:/var/thingspro/cloud/setting/",
                "/run/:/host/run/",
                "/var/thingspro/data/:/var/thingspro/data/"
            ]
        }
    }
    ```

### Notes

1. The size this upgrade package is approximately 149 MB, and the upgrade process will take a minimum of 20 minutes.
