# AIG-301 Series v1.6 Release Notes

Release Date: Nov 2024

## New Features

1. Supports Modbus TCP Slave.
2. Supports backup of logs with capability to upload to FTP/SFTP.
3. Supports whitelist for HTTP, HTTPS, and SSH services.

## Bugs Fixed

1. A tag streaming issue after Modbus device disconnection and reconnection.
2. A case of IoT edge modules startup failure when AIG was disconnected.
3. An issue maximum journal log size limit.
4. An issue where memory usage was unusually high.
5. A case of inability to send data to the cloud when it contains a NaN value.
6. An issue with a DO initial state configuration.
7. Modbus master, OPC UA Server, and Function Management apps occasionally fail to start after reboot.
8. A case of incorrect display of Wi-Fi information.
9. A case of inability to select writable tags in OPC UA server.
10. An issue with GPS time synchronization drift.
11. A case of inability to connect to a private Azure IoT Hub.
12. An issue where function app content was missing after extracting large files.
13. A login failure due to an expired account when the account is unlocked via RESTful API.
14. An issue with iptables rule persistence after action changes.
15. Remove unsupported options in the serial interface modes RS-422, RS-485-2w, and RS485-4w.
16. A case of unexpected message display when fail2ban is triggered.
17. A data loss issue during telemetry transmission via Azure IoT Edge.
18. A module connection failure issue when the UDP DNS payload is too long.
19. An issue of the GPS API not returning up-to-date values.
20. CVE-2024-1086: https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln/detail/CVE-2024-1086
21. CVE-2024-21646: https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln/detail/CVE-2024-21646
22. CVE-2024-27099: https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln/detail/CVE-2024-27099
23. CVE-2024-25110: https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln/detail/CVE-2024-25110

## Changes

1. Azure IoT Edge
   1. Updated Azure IoT Edge runtime to v1.4.33.
   2. Updated thingspro-agent to v2.2.6 with Azure IoT Edge v1.4.40.
   3. edgeAgent and edgeHub images updated to v1.4.40.
2. Azure IoT Device
   1. Update SDK to [LTS_08_2024](https://github.com/Azure/azure-iot-sdk-c/releases/tag/LTS_08_2024)
   2. Change the x.509 connection string input to following format:</br>
      `HostName={iothubname}.azure-devices.net;DeviceId={deviceID};x509=true`
3. Function
   * Upgrade base image to Python 3.9.
4. Tag Management
   * WebUI sorts tags name by Natural sort order.

## Installation
Pre-request: AIG-301 Firmware Version:1.5 and ThingsPro Version: 2.4.0-4020

### Upgrade Firmware
1. Download the deb file from the download link or copy the patch yaml URI.
2. Login to Web with admin permissions, go to General Operation > Software Upgrade
   1. select Upgrade From the Local Drive with the deb file.
   2. select Download Over the Air, input the URI link of patch yaml.
3. (optional) Please reboot if the snapshot of the software upgrade is disabled.
4. Confirm that the **Firmware Version** on the Dashboard page is **1.6.0** and **ThingsPro Version** is **2.5.0-4404**.

### Upgrade ThingsPro Agent
1. Deploy IoT Edge Module thingspro-agent with URI: moxa2019/thingspro-agent:2.2.6-armhf in IoTHub.
2. Set the create option:
    ```
    {
        "HostConfig": {
            "Binds": [
                "/var/thingspro/apps/azureiotedge/data/setting/:/var/thingspro/cloud/setting/",
                "/run/:/host/run/",
                "/var/thingspro/data/:/var/thingspro/data/"
            ]
        }
    }
    ```

### Notes

1. The size this upgrade package is approximately 341 MB, and the upgrade process will take a minimum of 40 minutes.
2. The function app has upgraded its base image to Python 3.9. Any previously installed Python packages will need to be reinstalled through the [/function/requirements](https://tpe-tiger.github.io/AIG301/V1.6/function/#/default/put_function_requirements) API.
