# AIG-301 Series v1.5.2 Release Notes

Release Date: May 2024

## Change
* The Azure IoT Device X509 connection format has been changed to a new pattern and migrated with the older configuration.

## Resolved Issues
* Fix the following CVE issue for Linux Kernal:
  - CVE-2024-1086
* Fix the following CVE issues with Azure IoT C SDK
  - CVE-2024-21646
  - CVE-2024-27099
  - CVE-2024-25110
* Data loss with Azure IoT Edge telemetry message.

## Installation
Pre-request: AIG-301 Firmware Version:1.5 and ThingsPro Version: 2.4.0-4020

### Upgrade Firmware
1. Download the deb file from the download link or copy the patch yaml URI.
2. Login to Web with admin permissions, go to General Operation > Software Upgrade
   1. select Upgrade From the Local Drive with the deb file.
   2. select Download Over the Air, input the URI link of patch yaml.
3. (optional) Please reboot if the snapshot of the software upgrade is disabled 
4. Confirm the following version that was shown on the Dashboard page after upgrade successfully:
   * Firmware Version: 1.5.2
   * | APP              | Version |
     | ---------------- | ------- |
     | cloud            | 2.4.1-2796 |

### Upgrade ThingsPro Agent
1. Deploy IoT Edge Module thingspro-agent with URI: moxa2019/thingspro-agent:2.2.5-armhf in IoTHub.
2. Set the create option:
    ```
    {
        "HostConfig": {
            "Binds": [
                "/var/thingspro/apps/azureiotedge/data/setting/:/var/thingspro/cloud/setting/",
                "/run/:/host/run/",
                "/var/thingspro/data/:/var/thingspro/data/"
            ]
        }
    }
    ```
3. Confirm the version of the module that was successfully deployed on the Azure IoT Edge page with the following table. It is normal that a red flag will appear which warns “Not a compatible version with ThingsPro Edge”.
   | Module | Version |
   | ------ | ------- |
   | thingspro-agent | 2.2.5 |
